[WIP] feature: doc restructure (#21)
yongenaelf/aelf-docs: docs/tutorial/stackup/2. smart-contract/2.1 Project-Setup.md

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Project Setup

First, proceed to create a new project folder and navigate to the project root directory by running the following commands.

```
mkdir capstone_aelf && cd capstone_aelf
```

Next, proceed to run the following command to create the capstone project!

```
dotnet new aelf -n BuildersDAO
```

Proceed to open the project on your desired IDE (VSCode) and rename the existing **src/Protobuf/contract/hello_world_contract.proto** file to **BuildersDAO.proto**!

Once you have renamed the file, here’s how your working directory should look like!

<p align="center">
<img src="/img/project-dir.png" alt="Portkey Login" width="400"/>
</p>
<p align="center">Preview of Working Directory</p>

With that, we have successfully created our project!

:::warning

> **You may SKIP the following section if you are coding in codespace instead of local environment, in the codespace template provided in this workshop already have the acs12.proto included**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Feel free to MOVE PAST this section if you're coding within a codespace rather than a local environment. The codespace template provided in this workshop already INCLUDES the acs12.proto file.**
```
